Riley Underwood
Full Stack Developer
ㅡ
To Whom it May Concern,

I’m delighted that you’ve chosen to read this letter, I hope it finds you well! My name is Riley J. Underwood, and this letter is a concise summary of my skills and reasons that highlight my utility. As a deeply motivated developer who is extremely passionate about diving deep into the world of development, I believe my unique expertise and deep coding roots could be a valuable addition to whichever team may need it.

Here are 3 reasons I believe I could be a valuable addition to your team:

Proven Experience:  With over 5 years of experience as an active software developer, specializing in Full Stack Web Development and more than three of those years in Python programming, I’ve built responsive, reliable web applications that serve real users. I’m no stranger to working with cross functional teams, maintaining organized spreadsheets and open communication, and quickly adapting to new tools and frameworks. Though I may not have as many years of professional experience as some, I believe I can more than make up for it through the expansive portfolio of collaborative and personal projects I’ve built up over the years.

Driven by Curiosity & Growth: I'm the kind of person who lights up when there's a challenge to solve or a new system to explore. I thrive in fast-paced, collaborative environments where learning is constant and meaningful. I’ve tackled real-world projects utilizing technology I’ve never worked with, learned entire tech stacks on the fly, and I have the persistence and curiosity to keep pushing until the job is done right. If there is a technology that my team uses which I’m unfamiliar with, rest assured I will thrive diving in head first to learn everything I can about it.

Strong Passion: While I didn’t take the traditional college route, my dedication to software development runs just as deep because it’s rooted in a lifelong passion and not just a pursuit of grades or credentials. I’ve been in love with coding since I was a kid, drawn to the idea of limitless creativity and endless possibilities it offers. On a personal note, this is more than just a job for me, it’s the thing I feel truly called to do. It’s a kind of fire that has led me to build a strong foundation of technical knowledge driven by curiosity and self-direction. I have a deep respect for those who’ve pursued formal education, and I believe my perspective complements that experience by offering a self-taught, (alongside my trade School education) real-world-driven lens that brings just as much value to the table.

If you believe I am worth a longer look then I would love nothing more than to further discuss how I can support your engineering team. I look forward to the possibility of hearing from you soon!

All the best,

Riley Underwood